this is the new are and rx have husbands
Today in our region behind márquez
let's talk about this small compact
that is revolutionizing the market but
what is interesting about this compact
because so much success well there is a
main reason and this without a doubt the
size of your sensor the area of cristian
Mar 2 incorporates a much more sensor
big than other compact ones and for
Of course any smartphone the
This camera's sensor is one inch
much larger than other models and from what
this serves us well simply against
larger to the sensor more information
can catch we will find more details
in those of the photographs the colors
the contrasts and ultimately the
quality of the photo will always be seen
benefited by this detail
but this is the only reason for
buy it rx100 + 2 and much less another
very interesting aspect is the
1.8 luminosity that has this wonder
which means well that can help me
this 1.8 well this numbering of the
we speak is now opening its
diaphragm in other words is the
ability of the camera to leave
pass light in conditions that
require and the ability to achieve
interesting blurs
another of the aspects that have made
this camera a success is your screen
apart from having exceptional quality
allows us to take it out and put it
completely horizontal this is ideal
to achieve good frames as per
example to take pictures from
above
or from the ground
now let's talk about the rx video has
Mar 2 from my point of view this is
a very positive surprise and it is that this
small camera allows you to focus and
blur manually while recording
this allows us to achieve results
professionals as we could do
with a reflex camera but with a
advantage we will leave you a free hand
I leave with a controlled with a rxt
embargos
Now let's see what's in the box
or the first thing we find are the
manuals in my various languages
once accessing the compartment
Inside we find the camera
we can also find inside
power adapters of course the
cable
another cable to connect the camera
usb computer
we also have a strap
the battery
and finally the straps more than
security
is to say that this camera is today in
around 500 euros but also
there is an optional cheaper
rx100 that is around 350 lamar
2 that we have here the advantage is its
predecessor in the following the shoe in
which we could place a flash micro
etcetera the nfc wifi and some other
good details without further hope that you
have liked this review and help you
understand a little more about this very
interesting saunier kristian brown 2 a
greeting